This time?
I specially brought Mr. Xu to disturb you.
I hope you don't mind.
Those three, please come in
Are these trees old?
Mr. Xu, these trees?
All have hundreds of years of history
It is because of these trees
Old Shen's courtyard was also built here
This place
Reiki
Really suitable for retirement
And have lived here for a long time
The body is nourished by Reiki
Will also become younger and stronger
Can you do it?
You were born with a dragon chair from the emperor
Why can you see the unevenness of this dragon chair?
This dragon chair
I bought it from abroad for a lot of money
Is a real dragon
The right man lives up there
After giving birth, I advise you to burn this dragon girl to him
Maybe you'll live longer
What do you mean?
Are you cursing me to death?